Add Epomaker tide65 (#23356)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/epomaker/tide65/readme.md

# EPOMAKER TIDE 65

* Keyboard Maintainer: [sdk66](https://github.com/sdk66)
* Hardware Supported: EPOMAKER TIDE 65
* Hardware Availability: [epomaker](https://www.epomaker.com)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make epomaker/epomaker_tide_65:default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make epomaker/tide_65:default
```

# EPOMAKER TIDE 65

* Keyboard Maintainer: [sdk66](https://github.com/sdk66)
* Hardware Supported: EPOMAKER TIDE 65

> * Hardware Availability: [xxx](https://www.xxx.com)

Reviewer: Please fill this out.

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make epomaker_tide_65:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make epomaker_tide_65:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make epomaker/tide65:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make epomaker/tide65:default:flash
```
